Adding Codebyte example to lastIndexOf JavaScript documentation (#2545)
Codecademy/docs: content/sql/concepts/primary-keys/primary-keys.md

Depending on local regulations, a car may require an engine part ID and a body ID to be associated with a license plate. One solution might be adding more row information about the car, such as `left_door_ID`, `gearbox_ID`, etc. But then a specific car would have to be identified by two different aspects: its body and its engine.

> If you have created a table that doesn't have a primary key, you can alter it to add a one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a created table does not have a primary key, it can be added.
```

> The statement below creates a `PRIMARY KEY` constraint on the `ID` column on the `people` table:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The statement below creates a `PRIMARY KEY` constraint on the `id` column on the `people` table:
```

Reviewer: Please see line 35 in this same entry. It composes of the same info so this is a bit redundant. Please move this example below line 40 (after the pseudo code snippet) as an example. Could you also explain in one sentence as to why a table would be created without a primary key in the first place? Or why it's important to have a primary key?

Author: Sorry, just to clarify did you want to move line 87 (The statement below creates a `PRIMARY KEY`...) below the pseudo code snippet starting on line 89?

And would the sentence below be ok?:
It's important for a table to have a `PRIMARY KEY` to help prevent duplicated data by giving every row in the table a unqiue identfier, this also allows the user to find data quicker.

Reviewer: Thanks for your patience @Rclarkeweb ! I helped to make that change ^^

```sql
ALTER TABLE people

> ADD PRIMARY KEY (ID);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ADD PRIMARY KEY (id);
```
